hello markus here from markus fotos.de
if your own folk is always from
same motive or one always
again uses the same techniques asks
As a photographer you have fast
occurs on the spot
the fast successes you get in the beginning
The photographic career had the
let go very quickly and then fly
also fast the motivation is one
even the camera attacks in
I would like to give you five tips on this video
give as you find new inspiration
can
boredom arises
So it's the easiest of the usual
pattern break out as a portrait photographer
For example, you should just do something
Try something else and see
Landscapes photograph or macros
or street photography actually completely
No matter the main thing you do something different
than what you usually do if you
landscape photographer since why not
also make some process
that too can help my new way
view of the photograph too
to get
tip 2
Scouting is a good option
discovering something new is easy too
to travel
they do not have to do that right away
Maldives will be perfect
the camera in the closer environment
drive main thing to a place on the
we usually are not so not
take the typical way to work
but just the case on the
Throwing a map and looking something like that
radius of perhaps 50 to 60 kilometers around
a place of residence is the advantage it
is that while he is with the strip
the camera also know new places
learn her for later photo projects
you could use this way you can
you a map of backgrounds
environments and sceneries create her
then use it specifically in photo projects
can
look at other photos and
if necessary copy is actually
have not always been wrong in the
art the students of the big ones
learned why should we do that
do not do that in photography either
if you copy a picture you get
relatively good insight into what's in your head
the photographer has done that
picture origin did not do which
ideas he had and what problems he had
maybe this is the one encountered
process of copying come one
mostly very own ideas how to
this photo and maybe improve
can change and that too is again
a creative process if he is such a
photo after poses and if necessary
uploaded again and so on
it's nice, of course
to be identified and named
from whom the original idea came
and maybe it's even a good one
Idea the original photographer
link to your picture to send and to
Hey, that's what I got out of your idea
made or based on your idea
what do you think of it maybe one
possibility a whole new one
interesting contact to make us
inspirations easily with the
website can find 500 px I can show
you in a separate video me
just link this here
if he is traveling with the mobile device
You look at the video
description also there is the
link
to
because as a lone fighter you do not come
very far the cooperation with others
creates new insights opportunities
you never alone as an example
it could be that the one photographer
a great location on the hand has the
next one has the mad model and one
maybe you have exactly the right one
Props I need to get that
to take a perfect picture
so why do not you do it together?
and jointly create a factory it has
then you end up not only great photos
you have a crazy funny
usually in the afternoon and you have
new contacts are made
maybe even for the next project
can use again
So it makes perfect sense of time
to take time to take a photographer
a source where such things take place
for example, the diary of the
fotocommunity and then
I position you a link in the
video description
fifth starter a series himself
to set limits in which one
For example , you can take pictures
the theme of the series makes it easier
to focus on this topic
because you do not have that many anymore
Opportunities now has in the spring or
Even in autumn, the time is long
shadow could be a potential topic
for example, be shadow and that
The goal of the whole would not be then
more of a motive to photograph yourself
but only the shadow it throws
and of course as artistically as possible
and appealing another option
for a project or a series would be
For example, signs for love in
to find a big city
that means to go around and
For example, after picture of rings
to look for or shape the
collectively a heart or
just hands-holding couple
Graffiti There are a thousand possibilities
just as an example of such series
you can then the whole course
re- network with others and share
discuss and that's a good one again
possibility to make new contacts
blame this limitation on a topic
In any case, the eye and vectors
hunt and that is not too
underestimate as a factor for the
motivation
as a last tip maybe that
most importantly , not yourself
very under pressure but tried
just have fun with the photography
because only then you really want
one to grab the camera to go out
to take pictures
I hope the video has you
helped a bit and fell
if so motivates me a bit
in that he thumbs up his thumb
press and if you have not already done so
I subscribed to the channel
I thank you for watching and me
I'm looking forward to the next video until then
bye